# LaPasse for Java: Change Log

## [0.4.2](../../tree/0.4.2) (2016-08-04)

- Fixes bug where `DefaultRxStateManager` would throw on observable unsubscribe if state listener
was already removed.

## [0.4.1](../../tree/0.4.1) (2016-07-15)

- Adds convenience getter methods to facade Builder implementations.

## [0.4.0](../../tree/0.4.0) (2016-07-14)

- Introduces `Disposable` interface with implementations across LaPasse components that perform
clean up operations.
- Renames 'subscriber' in core to 'listener' to prevent confusion with Rx extension.
- Refactors loggers with better naming and support for removing loggers.

## [0.3.7](../../tree/0.3.7) (2016-07-12)

- Improves message handling by checking whether handlers are registered for an added message.
- Adds support for protected handler methods in Compiler.

## [0.3.6](../../tree/0.3.6) (2016-06-20)

- Fixes issue where command bus would throw for Rx-based handler that returned null.

## [0.3.5](../../tree/0.3.5) (2016-06-19)

- Adds missing `RxCommandBus` methods to `RxFacade` and implementations.

## [0.3.4](../../tree/0.3.4) (2016-06-15)

- Renames `LaPasseHelper` to `LaPasse`.
- Adds `LaPasseHelper#mapHandlers(Facade origin)` for a facade implementation containing annotated
handler methods.

## [0.3.3](../../tree/0.3.3) (2016-06-14)

- Correct overridden return for `LaPasseRxFacade.Builder` methods.

## [0.3.2](../../tree/0.3.2) (2016-06-14)

- Adds Facade Delegate implementations.

## [0.3.1](../../tree/0.3.1) (2016-06-13)

- Fixes release tag name format.

## [0.3.0](../../tree/lapasse-parent-0.3.0) (2016-06-10)

- Introduces Rx extension!
- Renames `LaPasseLoggers` to `LoggersHelper`.
- Replaces `CommandLogger` vararg event array with collection.
- Removes `LaPasseFacade.builder()`: use `new LaPasseFacade.Builder<>()` instead.

## [0.2.1](../../tree/lapasse-parent-0.2.1) (2016-06-10)

- Replaces use of Google Auto-Service with tried-and-true META-INF services file.

## [0.2.0](../../tree/lapasse-parent-0.2.0) (2016-06-10)

- Introduces LaPasse Compiler: processor for command and event handler annotations!
- Introduces `LaPasseHelper` class for working with code that is generated by the compiler.
- Adds `CombinedLogger` with support in `Facade` for more straightforward logging.
- Adds `VoidCommandHandler`: command handler without return type.

## [0.1.0](../../tree/lapasse-parent-0.1.0) (2016-06-08)

- Initial version with core functionality.
